Update release-notes-template.md (#5269)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/assets/others/release-notes-template.md

##### Compatibility Matrix For Tyk Components
<!-- Required. Version compatibility with other components in the Tyk stack. This takes the form of a compatibility matrix and is only required for Gateway and Portal.
An illustrative example is shown below. -->

> <!-- TBP - to be published. Helm chart, MDCB, operator and sync versions are the new versions and as such will be publish only a few hours after the main release of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- TBP - to be published. Helm chart, MDCB, operator and sync versions are the new versions and as such will be published only a few hours after the main release of 
```

> the dashboard and gateway. We must clarify this at the time of publishing this RN and remove TBP later, once theHelm chart s are released -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the dashboard and gateway. We must clarify this at the time of publishing this RN and remove TBP later, once the Helm charts are released -->
```
